did you know there is a secret part in
all of Apple's newest products and this
isn't the first time they've done this
before so fun fact in every single Apple
M3 and M4 product and the M2 iPads
there's a secret thread radio that just
hasn't been enabled yet see thread is
one of the foundational radios in matter
the smart home protocol that Google and
apple and others have helped develop so
Apple can and I suspect probably will
enable all of these thread radios
sometime in the future all at once to
help you more natively control Smart
Homes so I'm telling you this now
because Apple has done this before uh
second generation iPod Touch remember
that thing that turns out secretly had
Bluetooth radios inside it that just
didn't get enabled until an iOS 3.0
update then boom they all had Bluetooth
and also last year Apple randomly turned
on the temperature and humidity sensors
inside the homepod mini which people
found during tear downs but wasn't
activated until they turned it on so
yeah it's just kind of weird to see
apple stick some parts in a phone or a
device for no reason but now when they
turn it on you can say I told you so